TODO:
. make better algorithms!
. clean up warmup directory
. finish write up
  . warmup section
  . final algorithms
. make python main/runCosine parameterize for sim vs validation set

CSCI-E181 Spring 2014, David Wihl

To execute my code, use

   python main.py

Three options will be presented:

1: Use simulated data. 

   This is a small manually created set of data to test and debug the Recommender algorithms

2: Use validation data

   This takes the course-supplied training data (ratings-train.csv) and splits in 80% 
   training data and 20% validation data. The validation data is used check the 
   accuracy of the predictions against known results in order to iterate quickly on 
   the algorithms without using up a Kaggle submission.

3: Use full data (and produce prediction file)

   This takes the course-supplied training data (ratings-train.csv) and ratings-test.csv
   in order to produce a Kaggle submission.


Relevant remaining contents of the directory:

README 	  	      - this file
cofi.py		      - partially completed implementation of non-normalized Collaborative
		        filtering translated from Octave
cosine.py	      - cosine distance implementation
error_log	      - internal record keeping of score progress
main.py		      - main program
pearson.py	      - partially complete Pearson implementation
pred-full.csv	      - generated score results
r-test100.csv	      - synthesized test data
r-train100.csv	      - synthesized training data
u100.csv	      - synthesized test data


./warmup directory
main.m		       - main Octave program
findClosestCentroids.m - non-vectorized implementation of finding closest centroids (Octave)
computeCentroids.m     - non-vectorized implementation of moving centroids (Octave)
runkMeans.m	       - iterate and generate plots (Octave)
cofiCostFunction.m     - vectorized Collaborative Filtering with Gradient Descent and regularization 
		         from my prior Coursera class (Octave)


./writeup directory:
writeup.tex	      - source for writeup
writeup.pdf	      - generated writeup


